So we're going to go back to our index page.
You know I too are going to look at where our top nav ends really miss.
And then we're going to create a section of song list.
So we're going to see or hear song list and or here we're going to say this is going to be a section
on here.
Then the class is going to be song list here.
Then once we have the song what's going on here we're going to say having one and then we're all going
to say song West or here like this.
Right.
Once we have this now I would want to create a div which is going to have a class of song list.
Center.
Center over here.
Then out there we have a song lists and they're now going to create a new article or article and that's
going to be a list item.
So we're going to say a list item here first time and then once in an article.
Now would want a div with a list item and I'm going to say the image this is going to be our class.
Then in this day of actually going to place our image right so them say we're here.
This is going to be Image sources going to be Image song one out here like this right here we're going
to just say this is going to be song.
And then after that we would want to text.
All right.
So if this is the last item on here we're going to create a list I had him text first time once we have
the div..
So this is going to be heading three.
This is going to be artist then we're going to have a song.
So we're going to say he's heading for.
It's going to be so long.
Then we're going to have a deal.
And that there is going to have all these Fonte awesome icons.
Right.
So we're going to create O'Hare.
So you need four five font awesome icons.
So we're going to say here and this is going to be a big with list item here icon icon over here.
And once we have the list on then over here we're going to say that this is going to be spanne when
you're doing this.
Instead we're going to say this is going to be a and it's an FAA star on here.
That's right.
So this is going to be number one.
Now what are we going to do is we're going to copy and paste this one two three and the one.
But here we're going to change it to our right.
So this is going to be like this.
Right.
So this is going to be the empty one.
Now we need to check where this article ends.
Right.
This was one article the second one what we would want is copy and paste this nine times right.
Well eight times and nine total.
One two three four five six seven eight.
Right.
And now all we need to do is actually change what would be the image right over here.
We need to look where is the list item on this list item number one.
Then this is going to be some number two then we'll have a song number three.
This is going to be a song five four sorry than five here six and seven eight and nine eight and out
here this is going to be nice.
All right.
So once we have this let's go actually to Main she and let's style this or here song list and everything.
So let's go.
We're here to make sense.
We can maybe save the next actually.
I'll go all the way to the bottom here.
That's right.
And that's a song list.
So this is going to be a long list or then press hashtags over here and then over here first we're going
to say is for the song list.
We're going to have a padding of 20 pixels or 20 pixels all around then we'll fill the list item to
say list item here what we would want to write first.
We're going to say margin and I'm going to say 20 pixels or here in between an 0 left and right then
we're going to save this play more here.
Steinem will say flex like this.
Right.
So each one of them is actually going to be displayed flex right.
So we have the imagine all this is going to be the text then out here for a list item image I want to
say with is going to be 150 pixels on healing this then margin right.
It's going to be 20 pixels in this border radius.
We're going to say 20 pixels.
Right so we're going to make these around edges or here and then we would want to work with the spam
icon.
Right.
So we're going to say a list item I can span for this part and what I would want is a color and we're
going to use the yellow color.
Right so this is going to be F 3 C and 0 F A.
I don't realize this right.
So now you can see that I don't have the song number nine.
So let me check this.
All right.
I have only eight.
So let's play sexually let's say Song number one the last.
All right.
So I guess I was lazy to get nine of them right or I was just playing that one or here.
So I will say this and say this one over here.
And now what you would want to do is add your immediate Querrey right.
So I'm going to say are reading this we're going to say this is going to be a media media screen here
and we're going to say that this is going to be and this man with one here.
And this is going to be 576 pixels.
Right.
And what should happen when I hear the song lists and their song list and we're all going to say Center
here.
We're going to say that there's going to be a display of flex display flex here like this then flex
rap which is fine whereas flex rap you're going to say rap like this and say Just if I can't space between
spaces between right.
Right.
So say this one over here and now we're going to go maybe we can close this one over here and let's
go ahead and let's have a look what we have.
Right.
So we refresh right now I can see that as I'm actually getting bigger right now I have all nine of them.
All right.
As I continue right as I got on the smaller screen right now this is the look that we have right.
We've got them the small screen.
Right.
And then we have all here in general.
One last item on here like this right.
If we're going to go to the bigger one.
All right.
This is how it's going to look like.
Now the one thing I maybe with this heading three and heading for.
So let's go check.
And what is the indexation now.
Right.
And let's see this is list item text heading 3 heading for so list item text here knowing this.
So this is going to be a list item text here.
And let's say hitting three and say text here transform.
When to say capitalize on hearing this right.
And for the last item heading forward we're going to say how prickers.
So let's copy and paste this at a heading for.
Or you're right uppercase so uppercase over line that's right so we have an artist and this is going
to be a song and maybe just to be a little bit more collected say margin bottom 10 pixels or like this.
Right now we have a song and then we have an artist.
So now we are ready to move on and work on our last section right which is going to be our Here are
our cars.
All right so if we're going to go back over here.
Right.
We actually have a Alcaraz.
All right.
So let's go and start working on that.